Image Registry Documentation (#72)
flightcontrolhq/website: motif-docs/pages/guides/config/using-code.mdx

- Docker:
  - Bring your own Dockerfile for full control
  - This is only supported for container based services like `fargate` and `fargate-worker`
- fromService:
  - Allows you to use the built image from another service.
  - Requires adding a `fromService: [serviceId]` parameter in your code
  - This is only supported for container based services like `fargate` and `fargate-worker`
- fromRepository:
  - Allows you to use a pre-built image from a repository
  - Requires you to create an [image registry](/guides/advanced/deploying-own-image) and add the `containerImage` parameter.

>   - This is only supported for container based services like `fargate` and `fargate-worker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fromRepository:
  - Allows you to use a pre-built image from a repository
  - Requires you to create an [image registry](/guides/advanced/deploying-own-image) and add the `containerImage` parameter to your service config
  - This is only supported for container based services like `fargate` and `fargate-worker`
- fromService:
  - Used for single-tenet architectures where you want to build once but deploy to many services
  - Requires adding a `fromService: [serviceId]` parameter to your service config
  - This is only supported for container based services like `fargate` and `fargate-worker`
```

    - HTTP status codes that signal healthy: `200-399`
    - This is used during deployment to ensure the server is healthy before traffic is routed to it. And during runtime, to automatically replace unhealthy servers. If you notice that your app is in a cycle of working and not working, it could be your health check path is returning an error causing the to keep restarting your server.

     `fromService: string`

    - If using `buildType: fromService`, this is the ID of the service that you wish to use the image for.

    `containerImage: {`\
      `registryId: string,`\
      `repository: string,`\
      `tag?: string,`\

>       `}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `containerImage: object`
```

      - containerImage defines the parameters needed when using `buildType: fromRepository`

{/* need to indent these values */}
`registryId: string`

      - Example: `"registryId": "ecr-9l03731"`

>       - This is the ID of the registry that you have created in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Registry ID, you can find this on the Registries page in our dashboard
```

      `repostory: string`

      - Example: `"repository": "/something/whatever"`

>       - This is the URI of the image repository you wish to access

Reviewer: always use realistic examples

```suggestion
      - Example: `"repository": "node:18-slim"`
      - This is the URI of the image repository you wish to access
```

Author: Yes, I didn't know what a realistic example for this case would be

      `tag?: string`

      - Example: `"tag": "latest"`
      - Optional

>       - This is the tag of the image from the repository that you would like to use

Reviewer: indentation of these are broken. in rendered page, looks like repository, etc are top level config items.

    - Optional with default: `1`
    - The maximum number of instances you want to be running. Fargate will autoscale the number of instances based on your traffic up to this maximum. This number effectively sets a limit on AWS cost you may incur.

         `fromService: string`

    - If using `buildType: fromService`, this is the ID of the service that you wish to use the image for.

{/* formatting for this? */}
    `containerImage: {`\
      `registryId: string,`\
      `repository: string,`\
      `tag?: string,`\
      `}`

      - containerImage defines the parameters needed when using `buildType: fromRepository`

`registryId: string`

        - Example: `"registryId": "ecr-9l03731"`
      - This is the ID of the registry that you have created in the UI.

      - `repostory: string`

      - Example: `"repository": "/something/whatever"`
      - This is the URI of the image repository you wish to access

      - `tag?: string`

      - Example: `"tag": "latest"`
      - Optional
      - This is the tag of the image from the repository that you would like to use

> 

Reviewer: same comments from above
